>> Brian Holt: So let's go convert app.js
really quick, cuz we don't want this to
be,
>> Brian Holt: Just we want it to be JSX.
So I'm gonna say return.
Let's talk about the parentheses for just
a second, why do I put parentheses here?
Well, if I just say return and
then put something on a new line, and
I put it on a new line so
it's easier to read.
Well, the way the JavaScript
works is if it sees a new line,
it just ends it right here.
So it actually works like that,
where it just ends, right?
So if I surround this in parenthesis,
it's saying hey,
I'm not done yet,
continue on to the next line.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and so h1>Adopt
Me!, like that.
And then now I wanna use this Pet
component that I made up here, right?
So how am I gonna use that?
Well, it works like this, Pet.
So I actually can use a composite
component as if it was real HTML,
which is really cool.
And then if I wanted to
add that ID back here, so
this ID would be, I called it
something important, right, like that.
That works the same way, and
attributes or properties for
this pet component works exactly the same
way, so I can say name = "Luna",
>> Brian Holt: Animal = "Bird", or no,
"Dog", and breed = "Havanese".
>> Brian Holt: Now, you see this
self-closing tag thing, right?
I know in HTML that that's optional and
frequently I leave it out, cuz again,
I'm lazy and don't type things like that.
But I'll tell you that in JSX they
actually are required, right?
You need to let JSX know that
this is a self-closing tag so
you have to put that trailing slash.
Okay, I'm gonna put three of those.
This was "Pepper",
"Bird", "Cockatiel", and
this was "Doink", mixed "Cat".
>> Brian Holt: What is kinda fun though,
with JSX you can even do self-closing
divs as well, like that.
Which is not legal in HTML but
is legal in JSX, which is kinda fun.
>> Brian Holt: And actually,
Prettier will just do it for you.
If I do that, when I save, it's like, no,
you really meant that, which is kinda fun.
>> Speaker 2: So JSX would take this and
turn it into a React.create,
with the first argument being div,
the second one being emptyObject,
and the third one being a list of
React.creates with all of those?
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: So
what's the benefit of writing
XML to turn it into JavaScript,
to turn it into HTML?
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: Why don't it just
write HTML?
>> Brian Holt: Ultimately,
this is a template of some sort, right?
Kind of falsely so, right?
Cuz it's not actually a template,
it's actually just function calls.
But in the end,
this is actually imperative,
cuz it's being executed, right?
Whereas HTML is declarative,
it's not something you can execute, right?
So everything I've shown you so far,
this is all very static data, right?
But you can imagine here,
instead of having Luna equal this,
I could have API result, right?
And now I can pass dynamic
information into Pet.
It gives me the power of
JavaScript to manipulate this.
Does that answer your question?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, thank you.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, yep.
>> Brian Holt: So actually, along those
lines, I think something that I skipped
over explaining were the curly
braces over here, and
let's address that really quickly.
So right now, if I go over and
look at my site,
I think everything should be fixed again,
hold on, one more thing to fix here.
Rather than having a React.create link
down here, make this app like that.
>> Brian Holt: So again, line 31 there,
just make that React.create
an App like that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now that I've done that,
go back over to Pet.js.
And if I go over to my app,
hopefully it's still running.
No, not that one, this one.
Did I stop it from running?
I did, npm run dev.
>> Brian Holt: Refresh the page.
So I have Luna, Pepper, and Doink, right?
What happens if I remove
the curly braces here?
>> Brian Holt: Now it's literally
gonna be the name, right?
So if I save this and
go back over here you'll see that it says
literally the word name here, right?
So what the curly braces do is
you're letting JSX know this is
a JavaScript expression in here.
And the term expression means anything
that can be on the right side of
an assignment.
So if I say const x = something,
let's just say,
>> Brian Holt: I
don't know, named.toUpperCase}, right?
So anything that can be on the right
side of an equals sign here,
this is considered an expression.
>> Brian Holt: So for example,
you can't have an if statement
on the right side of it, right?
So a const y = if,
this doesn't work because an expression
and a statement are different, right?
A statement is a whole idea, right?
So all of line three would be
considered one statement, but
everything here on the right side
is considered an expression.
Does that delineation make sense?
Okay, so that means here inside of name, I
can say .toUpperCase and invoke that right
here, or this could be invoking animal,
the function, or something like that, or
this can be + animal, right?
So anything that can be on the right
side of an equal sign, but
I can't put a full if statement in there.
But you can use ternaries, right?
Cuz ternaries are technically expressions,
and
a ternary is like the question mark thing.
I'll use them later.
They're fun or not fun,
depending on who you ask.
I think they're fun.
So anyway, and again, yeah,
now I've messed up everything, right, so
now Luna is all capitalized, and you have
HavaneseDog and CockatielBird, right?
>> Brian Holt: So
that's what those are about.
And it's just a single curly brace there,
that's how it works.
>> Brian Holt: And so you can mix and
match them too, so
I could have name like that.
And if I go back here,
it says Name: Luna, Name: Pepper, and
it does that concatenation for you.